docs: jcloud docs revamp for instance (#5759)
jina-ai/jina: docs/jina-ai-cloud/index.md

:link: ../concepts/jcloud/index
:link-type: doc

> JCloud is a CPU/GPU hosting platform for Jina projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JCloud is a cost-efficient hosting platform specifically designed for Jina projects.
```

Reviewer: sorry should have done a suggestion right from the start. After this change it can be merged from my side
